		Java in a Nutshell, 4th Edition

			  EXAMPLES

This directory contains the examples from the 4th edition of the book
"Java in a Nutshell" by David Flanagan.  They were written by David
Flanagan, and are Copyright (c) 1999,2002 by O'Reilly & Associates.  You
may distribute these examples in source-code form for non-commercial
purposes only.  You may study, modify, and use these examples for any
purpose. Note, however, that these examples are provided "as is", and
come with NO WARRANTY of any kind either expressed or implied.

Chapter 1 contains only a single example, which you'll find here under
the name Factorial.java.  As explained in Chapter 1, you can compile and
run this program with commands like these:

	 javac Factorial.java
	 java Factorial 4

Chapter 2 does not contain any numbered examples, and none of the code
snippets it does contain are substantial enough to include here.

Chapter 3 contains 11 numbered examples that are included here.  Because
none of these examples from Chapter 3 are complete programs that can be
run by themselves, they are stored in files whose names matches the
example number (e.g 3-1, 3-2).  Some of these examples do define Java
classes, and, if appropriately renamed, they can be compiled and used by
other Java classes.  (Although none of them are particularly useful!).
Other examples are simply code fragments, which can be incorporated into
other Java code, but which cannot be compiled as is.

Although Chapter 4 is full of example code, much of that code is in the
form of code snippets that do not stand alone, and do not even compile
alone.  Chapter 4 does contain ten substantial examples that do define
complete working class.  They are in this directory by class name
(e.g. Clock.java, DateServer.java) rather than by example number.

If you enjoy working with this example code, you may also be interested
in the book Java Examples in a Nutshell, which contains many more
complete working Java examples that you can study.
